wuu-CN-XiaotongNeural                 Female                         Warm, Friendly, Soothing
wuu-CN-YunzheNeural                   Male                           Calm, Deep, Gentle
yue-CN-XiaoMinNeural                  Female                         Bright, Crisp, Confident
yue-CN-YunSongNeural                  Male                           Deep, Calm, Formal
zh-CN-XiaochenMultilingualNeural      Female                         Friendly, Casual, Upbeat
zh-CN-XiaochenNeural                  Female                         Friendly, Casual, Upbeat
zh-CN-XiaohanNeural                   Female                         Gentle, Warm, Emotional
zh-CN-XiaomengNeural                  Female                         Gentle, Upbeat, Friendly
zh-CN-XiaomoNeural                    Female                         Deep, Casual, Calm
zh-CN-XiaoqiuNeural                   Female                         Calm, Engaging, Soothing
zh-CN-XiaorouNeural                   Female                         Cheerful, Engaging, Pleasant
zh-CN-XiaoruiNeural                   Female                         Confident, Emotional, Hoarse
zh-CN-XiaoshuangNeural                Female                         Crisp, Cheerful, Bright
zh-CN-XiaoxiaoDialectsNeural          Female                         Warm, Animated, Bright
zh-CN-XiaoxiaoMultilingualNeural      Female                         Warm, Animated, Bright
zh-CN-XiaoxiaoNeural                  Female                         Warm, Well-Rounded, Animated
zh-CN-XiaoyanNeural                   Female                         Warm, Gentle, Empathetic
zh-CN-XiaoyiNeural                    Female                         Bright, Emotional, Engaging
zh-CN-XiaoyouNeural                   Female                         Crisp, Cheerful, Bright
zh-CN-XiaoyuMultilingualNeural        Female                         Deep, Confident, Casual
zh-CN-XiaozhenNeural                  Female                         Calm, Serious, Confident
zh-CN-YunfengNeural                   Male                           Confident, Animated, Emotional
zh-CN-YunhaoNeural                    Male                           Warm, Soft, Upbeat
zh-CN-YunjianNeural                   Male                           Deep, Casual, Engaging
zh-CN-YunjieNeural                    Male                           Casual, Confident, Warm
zh-CN-YunxiNeural                     Male                           Bright, Animated, Cheerful
zh-CN-YunxiaNeural                    Male                           Cheerful, Friendly, Emotional
zh-CN-YunxiaoMultilingualNeural       Male                           Gentle, Casual, Friendly
zh-CN-YunyangNeural                   Male                           Formal, Deep, Calm
zh-CN-YunyeNeural                     Male                           Casual, Deep, Calm
zh-CN-YunyiMultilingualNeural         Male                           Gentle, Casual, Friendly
zh-CN-YunzeNeural                     Male                           Deep, Confident, Formal
zh-CN-henan-YundengNeural             Male                           Casual, Friendly, Animated
zh-CN-liaoning-XiaobeiNeural          Female                         Friendly, Casual, Gentle
zh-CN-shaanxi-XiaoniNeural            Female                         Confident, Engaging, Casual
zh-CN-shandong-YunxiangNeural         Male                           Casual, Animated, Strong
zh-CN-sichuan-YunxiNeural             Male                           Casual, Animated, Gentle
zh-HK-HiuGaaiNeural                   Female                         Crisp, Bright, Clear
zh-HK-HiuMaanNeural                   Female                         Bright, Upbeat
zh-HK-WanLungNeural                   Male                           Calm, Formal
zh-TW-HsiaoChenNeural                 Female                         Soft, Caring
zh-TW-HsiaoYuNeural                   Female                         Crisp, Bright, Clear
zh-TW-YunJheNeural                    Male                           Engaging, Gentle